docs(arch): add architectural decisions from backlog (#908)
Dataport/polar: docs/architecture/decisions/ADR-0018.md

# Test file placement

## Status

Accepted.

## Context

> ADR 0014 decided that vitest is used for testing.

Reviewer: Linking directly to ADS 0014 seems fitting.

> ADR 0014 decided that vitest is used for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADR 0014 decided that `vitest` is used for testing.
```

It still has to be decided where tests are placed.

> Vitest supports [in-source testing](https://vitest.dev/guide/in-source.html), i.e. tests that live inside the module they test, next to the implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vitest` supports [in-source testing](https://vitest.dev/guide/in-source.html), i.e. tests that live inside the module they test, next to the implementation.
```

This is not possible for component tests or end-to-end tests.

## Decision

- Unit tests are written as in-source tests within the module they test.

> - Component tests are written in a separate file next to the component, i.e., in the same folder, e.g. `Fullscreen.spec.ts` next to `Fullscreen.ce.vue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Component tests live in a separate file alongside the component in the same folder, e.g. `Fullscreen.spec.ts` next to `Fullscreen.ce.vue`.
```
